Update README.md (#76)
rows/X: README.md

# RowsX

RowsX is a versatile Chrome extension designed to streamline web scraping tasks, specifically tailored for websites with HTML tables, developed by [Rows.com](https://rows.com).

- [Demo video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjOLjgCvayM)
- [Chrome Web Store listing](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/rowsx/abkccndhocmfdombbpmnhfjidcdcjjeo)

![RowsX](https://github.com/rows/X/assets/31993620/c80634eb-27d5-443f-b5de-bb8c2c21e1b3)

## About Rows

[Rows](https://rows.com) is a modern spreadsheet. It is the easiest way to import, transform and share data in a spreadsheet.

## Why Open-source RowsX?

> RowsX was born during a team hackathon in January of 2024. We built it to solve a problem we see our customers struggle with everyday: getting data from the web to spreadsheet. Since lauching it, more than two thousands people have used it to import lists of data from hundreds of sites, internal tools and backoffice systems.

Reviewer: 💅 

```suggestion
RowsX was born during a team hackathon in January of 2024. We built it to solve a problem we see our customers struggle with everyday: getting data from the web to a spreadsheet. Since launching it, more than two thousand people have used it to import lists of data from hundreds of sites, internal tools and back office systems.
```
